## Enhancement Two: Data Structures and Alogrithms
The artifact I chose to build off of for this subject is based around my course CS-250. During the course I learned about the software development lifecycle, and more specifically how the industry has evolved from more traiditonal methodologies like waterfall, and adopted a more agile approach. For this artifact I chose to do a breakdown about the agile approach and mroe specifically SCRUM. Within I go into thorough detail about the values and difficulties a team will face with an agile approach as wee as the responsibilties of each role within a SCRUM team.  
  
I chose to include this artifact in my portfolio because I believe it will show my clear understanding of a software development lifecycle and the workflow that many teams are adopting. As I have learned throughout my courses communication is extremely vital in ensuring a healthy workflow throughout development, and this artifact will communicate that  I already have a good understanding of the responibilites each team memeber will have and the expectations that I will be held accountable to. Of course this is still a very new methodolgy towards development but I also believe this artifact will show my ability to understand new concepts and easily adapt to whatever working environment I enter.  
  
Because I enjoyed the concpets of this course and the critical thinking that it required, I did not find many issues with creating this artifact. The most difficult aspect was how long ago I attended the course. Many of the concepts were a bit blurred since my time first learning about different development methodologies. This was easily fixed with a quick refresher of my previous submissions for the course.   
