# Introduction  
## Background  
I began my journey through the SNHU Computer Science program in 2018 with the intention of entering the gaming industry. I struggled with choosing what path to commit my life to and have always had a love for games and the unique interaction with the story they can tell. I still hold these values but throughout the courses I have taken I have been introduced to many other aspects within computer science that I have learned to enjoy.  
## Educational Journey  
Throughout all of my courses I have learned the values and standards that I should hold myself to within the industry. The majority of those courses were predicated by the assumption I would be working in a team environment and how vital it is to keep a healthy communication between all aspects of the project. That being with other team members, developers from other areas and departments, and shareholders. By far this was the biggest takaway regarding how to ensure a project's development proceeds without difficulty. I experienced this firsthand during my GAM-305 course where I was tasked along with four other classmates to take on a role within a game development team to develop a working game within eight weeks. It was one of the most exciting courses I had and was fortunate enough to have a team that was great at communcating and together we created a simple but entertaining game by the end.  
I also learned the importance of security that goes in to protecting the products we create. Too easily can the digital works and properties we work with every day be violated. Whether it be through stolen assets, unverified access, or harmful software intrustions. For all of these proper precautions must be taken to keep out potential threats to our systems. Luckily, many of the common practice in digital security were stressed in each of my courses. This includes password protection and even more so protection of the access to those passwords, properly identifying a threat when first encountered, and being properly educated on the threats that we as developers face. While I stated the imporatnce of communication within teh industry, security is equally as important and I feel fortunate to have been equipped with the tools to provide a strong security to my work throughout this course.  
Some other aspects of the industry that were enforced were the importance of adopting the mindset of other aspects of a project's development, the most helpful being of a tester. it can be very sueful to look at a project from a different perspective to gain more insight into some of the complications that may rise. Looking at a project as a tester can show us where the program might break and can help better identify flaws throughout development.  
## Porftolio Summary  
Within this porfolio I have gathered some works throughout my courses to show how I have been prepared to enter the industry. While of course my knowledge is not limited to these artifacts, I believe they will convey some of the skills I learned to make myself a valuable addition to a project's team.  
- In course CS-330 I was tasked with creating a 3D object using OpenGL. I decided to build off of these skills to create an entirely new object using the same methods.  
- In course CS-250 I learned all about the software development lifecycle, specifically agile and SCRUM. To show my proficiency with these concepts I wrote a breakdown of the central ideals of an agile development lifecycle and included the roles and responsibilities for each. Showing my full understanding of the inner working of the development process.  
- In course CS-340 I was introduced to SQL and the database management it offers. With this knowledge I created a database and throughout its creation made changes to adjust its usefulness. My intention was for this database to then be utilized with commands to find information within it and compare the various tables within to one another.  

**Navigation Links**<br>  
* [Enhancement One](https://sammy-lopez.github.io/EnhancementOne.html)<br>
